This is really where we're gonna try
to make it a touch more interactive,
a touch more exciting,
maybe show that there are ways to add more
client-side just stuff
than is there right now.
So we're gonna talk about deleting and
events.
So we need a good icon if
we're gona do deleting.
I did ask ChatGPT,
[SOUND] to give me an icon.
It produced this savage for
me and yes, I call these savages.
If I'm gonna call them pigs,
I gotta call them savages, okay,
you can't just choose one and
not the other one, okay?
And so here we go,
we're gonna copy the savage code,
you're gonna definitely want this code.
If you're gonna want that savage,
go ahead, take it,
it's beautiful, it is now yours.
So what we're gonna do.
Is we want to do some deleting, but
I wanna highlight a really
cool part of HTMX.
You can use actual verbs,
not like fake verbs, okay?
We're not doing a post getting a 200 back
and getting a 400 error status underneath,
we're actually using real
endpoints with real verbs.
That means you no longer have
to do this stupid thing.
How many people did that with all the fun
times back in the day where you'd have GET
and POST, and then you'd always
have like a POST contact/delete/id,
you like put the verb inside of the path.
It's kind of annoying, it's kind of dumb.
So with HTMX, we can just do the thing,
you just do it, so it's fantastic.
Would you look at that that right there?
We have contacts/id,
I'm very excited about that.
So we're gonna update our html.
Let's add a delete icon
next to an address.
An address of course is a name and
an email address.
And so we're gonna first include
the icon next to the address.
We're gonna make a delete handler for
contacts/id, and then next we're gonna
make an endpoint, we're gonna make
endpoint updates for this, okay?
So should be pretty easy.
Let's do this.
All right,
>> Anyway,
you could post the current
code to a branch?
>> We could post the current
code to a branch.
Yeah, let's do that,
let's just do that right now.
Git status, I'm gonna do like this.
Git add this, git commit batman.
And we're gonna check out
the checkpoint -1, there we go.
Git push origin checkpoint -1,
boom, there you go.
So it's up there right now,
you can go get that code so
you can start exactly in
a fresh location where I'm at.
Because from here on out our programming
won't be nearly as extensive cuz that
first part,
anytime you start a project there's like
a lot of things you kind of got to do now.
We're gonna get into the finer grain
detail, okay, we're gonna go deep in.
So are you guys ready?
Everyone ready?
Everyone has the delete icon.
I don't think I have the delete icon
anymore, I'm not sure if I copied and
pasted over it.
So, there we go, just in case,
I have the delete icon.
We're feeling good, looking good, I'll
put it one more time inside twitch chat.
And let's start.
All right, so
we're gonna jump over to our templates.
And I said we're gonna go all
the way down to our contact,
and now we need to put this
little delete icon in there.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
go like this style=display flex,
flax on those kids without tail wind.
I am now not that one,
I'm now gonnna put in the savage.
I'm gonna wrap it like every good thing
you do in HTML, you put divs around it.
What is that?
I don't care, put a div on it.
And then I'm gonna go
style equals=width 1 rem.
I forgot what rem stands for, but
I think it's root font size cuz stands for
font size.
Classic, really.
And so now, look at that, we got a little
trash can icons right next to that.
How great is that?
That's beautiful.
Let's also add in a little pointer,
so when we put our pointer over it,
we get like a little finger on it.
That always makes me feel good, right?
Cursor, pointer, right, so
that should make it go.
Yeah, look at that.
You can't even see it, cuz, okay, it's not
the size of the cursor that really matters
here, but it's really tiny, I can barely
even see it, but it is a pointer icon.